the
shit
re
and as in the first instance was it interpreted as a very
trend right now it's the patch we use to quit smoking
act to fight the pain to sleep mm to have a better life
better brief today we use these little stickers this body for
all and anything but then is it really efficient how does it work
it is a report of Baptist denounce herodote last
the mezzos at 118 600 kilos budget what's called a beast of muscles
for him the sport is all his life
but he manages to attract so much will that has his little secret this badge
stuck on the body
then I leave not starting because I'm really used to it
raising my body to the test and intensive training for me
it's important to put the patch that protects me
psychologically and physically I really feel the effects so I have
need each workout
and I do not ask myself the question
the idea thoroughly of myself past this article
at 33 years old who will be able to view images impossible for him
to do without it every day is the same ritual on his shoulder a patch
joints to improve his movements
on the knee a second patient since lowering the warm up
he adds even a third on the elbow but that's why it's me
given the most elbow yards
and putting one step that I find it much more natural
and for me it's very effective
like that I prevent the pain
and I think that much slower and stronger
it is profitable 100% of the trainings
thanks to plant extracts liters are less pain and after two
training hours of this high level athlete
we have not finished with the practices
the agent take a good shower that I die science so a good shower
more than a page circulation I'm not ready to shower
it's important for the brand that assumes
eight nice teams whose abilities have today patches on
find something for everyone
stop smoking lose weight sleep revive libido in maine cut your
appetite industry did not hesitate to decline under all
the seams the dead ends is it really effective and how that
does it work we went to the doctor turned
he is a generalist and with badges for these patients
for this telethon a piece of adhesive cloth
on the ground she for the most part
an active ingredient that they are molecular plants besides
it goes
gradually
the epidermis for then
communicated about training inside the organization
but it is true that it exists so that it is transferred so that is to say
crosses the skin is tactical role that is breathed through the nose but how
know if they are really very effective the first of things to
watch when we buy a patch
military transport
c the active extracts of plants it is obvious that when one wants to have a
anti-stress action must planters
use either fit well to plans that act against stress
some may be of very good quality but for your pocket may
to be effectively of lesser quality or even downright effective
so to know how are made this tax we have
penetrated into one of the French labs that produces them here
they will be close to 10 million pages each year or 40% of the market
French in appearance the patch is a simple sticker and yet behind
this banal dressing banal hiding years of scientific research
aline and one of the researchers from this lab
she is currently working on a new patch
joints without these treasures beyer the bargains
it does not work the first time
will do it a lot dessert
to obtain the desired concentration of active ingredient
for example had no certification we worked
folder which represents about 200 remain at a level of formulation
once the formula found it now needs support this country for
make sure that it will not cause any energy on the body
I would like us to talk
l express will be ready activity is at the parisian internet party
so the inner side actually
it's this one
contact on the skin
when the project is validated the large-scale production of time
finally start
we have exceptionally been able to enter the extraction room
his tears that one recovers the active ingredient of the plants in this
Clinic of the vine flower of their titles
it is easy to do
philippe reams fresh
total in the nfl actually did to the Qatari hub chain
and we will do it
French fans
flamatt en what are patches waiting for?
these videos have a market value of 50000 euros these pages are then
sold in pharmacy on average the limited role and for four years the market
explodes more than 15 million pages are sold each year in its
patrick pharmacy and not felt the change
formerly limited on dp it is extremely limited but since one year
and half we realize that the request not
growing and people are extremely interested in this type of
treatment
because here the down who is nowadays the secret of his success is
may be in its price we take an example of this product if who
allows
so having two weeks of treatment for 750
in comparison we introduced in the form of tablets treatments
traditional
for about 15 days to a month of treatment and we come to a sum
which is two to three times larger so ultimately
comparatively the pastel hardly to make its choice
practical and less expensive it seduces more and more people
nathalie world at age 31 she is flight attendant jet lag and
missions work are daily but for a year to sleep when
they want it she found the solution however not of this partnership
will have time
so for you
moreover he does not force to sleep and there I still wonder not what
that's when it starts to do well
a benefit that passes for me this is their practical side I put them in
my purse containing no place
and then good the day without that I think unlike the much needed tablets
the respect some of them are even faster
tarpaulins to sleep but better yet there are also more
wacky
you are at delphine a real chocolate addict but since
a few weeks this 27 year old girl
tries to limit its consumption to keep the line
so in the face of failures of chocolates precisely
it's a fake
clearly no
not long ago from london it's a whole chocolate space that's
sensé an Israeli TV that does not stop there but in his belly
every morning for two weeks she sticks on her wrist this patch
supposed to diffuse a smell of vanilla at 30 euros the box delphine waits
a lot of this new treatment
it is then more efficient to have this attitude
for this price zim's every day inevitably I think a little
unia is that logical
on the other hand
finally on the side air diffuser side
I am not convinced
the new reflex manager for thousands of French
in the face of this phenomenon we must remain very careful if the patches
transdermal are highly supervised
the olfactory patches of many voices including a certification to be sold
allianz is done rest to prove